experiments/ICSE25/README.md, before:

# Experiment Replication
Applying for badges: Available, Functional, Reusable

Hercule achieves a f1-score of 0.949 on a dataset of Python packages comprising subjects
from Backstabber's Knife Collection, MalOSS, MalRegistry. 

In our replication package, we include scripts to reproduce the experiment using Hercule, GuardDog, MalOSS, BanditMal and LastPyMile.
This directory includes scripts and Dockerfile to re-create the experiment setup and reproduce the evaluation results.

Dockerhub Repo: https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/rshariffdeen/hercule

# Package Structure (Data)
This artifact package is organized as following:

    .
    ├── data-set <== contains list of package names for each benchmark
    │   ├── backstabber
    │   ├── latest
    │   ├── maloss
    │   ├── malregistry
    │   ├── popular
    │   └── trusted
    ├── docs <== contains detailed instructions to reproduce experiment results
    │   ├── Macaron.md
    │   ├── RQ1.md
    │   ├── RQ2.md
    │   ├── RQ3.md
    │   └── RQ4.md
    ├── macaron <== necessary configuration files for Macaron
    ├── packages <== compressed archive files containing the packages for each dataset
    ├── scripts <== python/bash scripts to run the experiments and collect results
    ├── README.md
    └── Setup.md <== instructions to setup the environment/docker

# Next Steps
* [Setup Instructions](Setup.md)
* [Replicate RQ1](docs/RQ1.md)
* [Replicate RQ2](docs/RQ2.md)
* [Replicate RQ3](docs/RQ3.md)
* [Replicate RQ4](docs/RQ4.md)
* [Replicate Macaron Improvement](docs/Macaron.md)

---

# Project Directory Structure and Key Components

This document outlines the organization of our project directories and highlights the main components for analysis and tool invocation.

## Directory Overview

### `codeql`
- **Purpose:**  
  Contains the collection of all CodeQL queries used for code analysis.

### `app/tools`
- **Purpose:**  
  Houses drivers for invoking various subtools.

- **Key Files:**
  - **`depclosure.py`:**  
    Implements the transitive dependency analysis.
  - **`lastpymile.py`:**  
    Provides a custom implementation of LastPyMile for handling arbitrary packages.

### `app/core`
- **Purpose:**  
  Contains the core modules of the project’s analysis engine.

- **Key Files:**
  - **`analysis.py`:**  
    Implements the main analysis algorithm.
  - **`extract.py`:**  
    Handles the extraction of metadata from a project.

### `data`
- **Purpose:**  
  Contains the collection of known malicious packages. This directory allows for the inclusion of additional datasets to enhance the analysis.

---


# Setup Instructions
### Hardware Requirements
All experiments were conducted using Ubuntu 18.04 operating system on a 192-core 2.40GHz 512G RAM Intel Xeon
machine (x64).


### Docker Preliminaries
* Ensure you have `docker` installed.
  See: https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-docker-on-ubuntu-16-04
* Ensure you have added yourself to the `docker` group: `sudo usermod -a -G
  docker <username>`. You will need to log back in to see the permissions take effect.

## Downloading Packages (Data)
The replication package requires python packages downloaded from PyPI, grouped into several
multiple datasets. The packages can be downloaded from the following [Zenodo Link](https://zenodo.org/records/14580885)
The archive is password protected for safe distribution purposes, you can email Ridwan Shariffdeen (rshariffdeen@ieee.org) to obtain the password.

* MalOSS: subset of malicious packages from MalOSS dataset [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* BackStabber: subset of malicious packages from BackStabber Knife's Collection [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* MalRegistry: subset of malicious packages from Python MalRegistry dataset [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* Popular: a collection of top-100 most popular python packages from PyPI [RQ1, RQ2, RQ3, RQ4]
* Trusted: a collection of packages from trusted organizations hosted in PyPI [RQ1, RQ2, RQ3, RQ4]
* DataKund: a collection of newly identified malicious packages from PyPI [Case Study]
* Recent: a collection of packages that were recently (2024 Oct) added to PyPI [Macaron Case Study]

Download the packages from following link
```bash
wget https://zenodo.org/records/14580885/files/packages.tar.gz.enc
openssl enc -aes-256-cbc -pbkdf2 -iter 10000 -d -in packages.tar.gz.enc -out packages.tar.gz
tar -xf packages.tar.gz
export EXTRACTED_PATH=$PWD
```


## Building the environment
Please note that the environment to run the experiments requires building 2 docker images and pulling 1 docker mage:
* Docker image for Hercule tool and its dependencies (to build Hercule)
* Docker image for experiment environment and its dependencies to run baseline tools
* Docker image for Maloss

Setup environment can be built using the Dockerfile provided within, which will encompass the dependencies, configurations
and setup scripts. Use the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rshariffdeen/Hercule.git

# building docker image for Hercule
cd Hercule
docker build -t rshariffdeen/hercule:22.04 .

# copy the packages extracted in previous step before building the experiment image
# note: ensure 7 tarballs exist in `experiments/ICSE25/packages` directory
cp -r $EXTRACTED_PATH/packages experiments/ICSE25/packages

# building docker image for experiments
cd experiments/ICSE25
docker build -t rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25 .
docker pull mirchevmp/maloss
```

For reproducing `MalOSS` experiments we have pre-built a separate docker image which should be downloaded using the following command
```bash
docker pull mirchevmp/maloss
```

Having the image, you can now start a Docker container. 
Note: please make sure to use the correct image which has the dependencies installed for Linux kernel (i.e. rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25)

[comment]: <> (We recommend linking the container to folders in the filesystem,)
[comment]: <> (so that it is possible to check the logs and generated outputs also outside of the Docker container. )

```bash
docker run --name Hercule -it -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25 bash
```

# Usage 

## Replicating Results for Macaron


### Improving Macaron Results (Table-VI)
Once completing the steps in [RQ1](RQ1.md), which will generate the experiment data, following script will generate results
for `hercule` as shown in Table-6

Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/analysis/table-6.py
```
It will generate the following output

```bash
Package Name Hercule Result Hercule Duration
one_chat_api-0.2.10.tar.gz False 0.727
hacking_shield-0.2.3.tar.gz False 0.788
cmdb_worker_pckg-1.0.0.tar.gz True 1.672
fruitspace_py-1.0.2.tar.gz False 1.8
httpsy-0.3.0.tar.gz False 0.775
```


## Replicating Results for RQ1

### Scanning packages using each Tool

In this section, we describe how to rerun each of the tool to generate the results for the analysis in 
rest of the sections RQ1-4. 

#### Hercule
Use following bash script to reproduce the results for each of the data-set using `hercule`

```bash
bash scripts/run/run-hercule.sh
```

#### GuardDog
Use following bash script to reproduce the results for each of the data-set using `guarddog`

```bash
bash scripts/run/run-guarddog.sh
```


#### MalOSS
Use following bash script to reproduce the results for each of the data-set using `maloss`

```bash
bash scripts/run/run-maloss.sh
```

#### Bandit4Mal
Use following bash script to reproduce the results for each of the data-set using `bandit4mal`

```bash
bash scripts/run/run-bandit.sh
```



### SOTA Detailed Comparison (Table-II)
Once all the results are placed, following script will aggregate the results as shown in Table-II
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/analysis/table-2.py
```
It will output the results for each tool-dataset combination as follows:
```bash
    ----- hercule ------
    DataSet TP FP TN FN
    popular 0 0 97 0

```

### SOTA High-Level Comparison (Table-III)
Upon completing the previous step, which will generate the aggregated data, following script will compute the results as shown in Table-III
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/analysis/table-3.py
```
It will output the results for each tool-dataset combination as follows:
```bash
    Tool Precision Recall F1-Score FP-Rate Accuracy
    hercule 1.0 0.8801652892561983 0.9362637362637362 0.0 0.9144542772861357
```

## Replicating Results for RQ2

### Ablation Study (Table-IV)
Once completing the steps in [RQ1](RQ1.md), which will generate the experiment data, following script will compute the results as shown in Table-IV
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/analysis/table-4.py
```
It will output the results for each tool-dataset combination as follows:
```bash
    DataSet Packages Sources Integrity Violations Malicious Behavior Compromised
    popular 97 90 30 2 1

```


### Contribution from Each Class (Figure-3)
Once completing the steps in [RQ1](RQ1.md), which will generate the experiment data, following script will generate graph in Figure-3
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/graphs/figure-3.py 
```
It will generate a file named `rules.png`


## Replicating Results for RQ3

This experiment requires running of one additional tool `lastpymile` which is implemented
as part of `hercule`. In order to generate the results of `lastpymile`, we have prepared a separate script.

```bash
bash scripts/run/run-lastpymile.sh
```


### Impact of Integrity Analysis (Table-V)
Once completing the steps in [RQ1](RQ1.md) and above instructions for `lastpymile`, which will generate the experiment data, following script will compute the results as shown in Table-III
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/analysis/table-5.py
```
It will output the results for each tool-dataset combination as follows:
```bash
    DataSet BanditMal LastPyMile Hercule
    popular 19900 3562 (82.10) 2241 (88.74)

```

## Replicating Results for RQ4

### Performance Analysis (Figure-4)
Once completing the steps in [RQ1](RQ1.md), which will generate the experiment data, following script will generate graph in Figure-4
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/graphs/figure-4.py 
```
It will generate a file named `performance.html` which is an interactive webpage showing the graph

Commit message:

Add warning for github logins

experiments/ICSE25/README.md, after:

# Experiment Replication
Applying for badges: Available, Functional, Reusable

Hercule achieves a f1-score of 0.949 on a dataset of Python packages comprising subjects
from Backstabber's Knife Collection, MalOSS, MalRegistry. 

In our replication package, we include scripts to reproduce the experiment using Hercule, GuardDog, MalOSS, BanditMal and LastPyMile.
This directory includes scripts and Dockerfile to re-create the experiment setup and reproduce the evaluation results.

Dockerhub Repo: https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/rshariffdeen/hercule

# Package Structure (Data)
This artifact package is organized as following:

    .
    ├── data-set <== contains list of package names for each benchmark
    │   ├── backstabber
    │   ├── latest
    │   ├── maloss
    │   ├── malregistry
    │   ├── popular
    │   └── trusted
    ├── docs <== contains detailed instructions to reproduce experiment results
    │   ├── Macaron.md
    │   ├── RQ1.md
    │   ├── RQ2.md
    │   ├── RQ3.md
    │   └── RQ4.md
    ├── macaron <== necessary configuration files for Macaron
    ├── packages <== compressed archive files containing the packages for each dataset
    ├── scripts <== python/bash scripts to run the experiments and collect results
    ├── README.md
    └── Setup.md <== instructions to setup the environment/docker

# Next Steps
* [Setup Instructions](Setup.md)
* [Replicate RQ1](docs/RQ1.md)
* [Replicate RQ2](docs/RQ2.md)
* [Replicate RQ3](docs/RQ3.md)
* [Replicate RQ4](docs/RQ4.md)
* [Replicate Macaron Improvement](docs/Macaron.md)

---

# Project Directory Structure and Key Components

This document outlines the organization of our project directories and highlights the main components for analysis and tool invocation.

## Directory Overview

### `codeql`
- **Purpose:**  
  Contains the collection of all CodeQL queries used for code analysis.

### `app/tools`
- **Purpose:**  
  Houses drivers for invoking various subtools.

- **Key Files:**
  - **`depclosure.py`:**  
    Implements the transitive dependency analysis.
  - **`lastpymile.py`:**  
    Provides a custom implementation of LastPyMile for handling arbitrary packages.

### `app/core`
- **Purpose:**  
  Contains the core modules of the project’s analysis engine.

- **Key Files:**
  - **`analysis.py`:**  
    Implements the main analysis algorithm.
  - **`extract.py`:**  
    Handles the extraction of metadata from a project.

### `data`
- **Purpose:**  
  Contains the collection of known malicious packages. This directory allows for the inclusion of additional datasets to enhance the analysis.

---


# Setup Instructions
### Hardware Requirements
All experiments were conducted using Ubuntu 18.04 operating system on a 192-core 2.40GHz 512G RAM Intel Xeon
machine (x64).


### Docker Preliminaries
* Ensure you have `docker` installed.
  See: https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-docker-on-ubuntu-16-04
* Ensure you have added yourself to the `docker` group: `sudo usermod -a -G
  docker <username>`. You will need to log back in to see the permissions take effect.

## Downloading Packages (Data)
The replication package requires python packages downloaded from PyPI, grouped into several
multiple datasets. The packages can be downloaded from the following [Zenodo Link](https://zenodo.org/records/14580885)
The archive is password protected for safe distribution purposes, you can email Ridwan Shariffdeen (rshariffdeen@ieee.org) to obtain the password.

* MalOSS: subset of malicious packages from MalOSS dataset [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* BackStabber: subset of malicious packages from BackStabber Knife's Collection [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* MalRegistry: subset of malicious packages from Python MalRegistry dataset [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* Popular: a collection of top-100 most popular python packages from PyPI [RQ1, RQ2, RQ3, RQ4]
* Trusted: a collection of packages from trusted organizations hosted in PyPI [RQ1, RQ2, RQ3, RQ4]
* DataKund: a collection of newly identified malicious packages from PyPI [Case Study]
* Recent: a collection of packages that were recently (2024 Oct) added to PyPI [Macaron Case Study]

Download the packages from following link
```bash
wget https://zenodo.org/records/14580885/files/packages.tar.gz.enc
openssl enc -aes-256-cbc -pbkdf2 -iter 10000 -d -in packages.tar.gz.enc -out packages.tar.gz
tar -xf packages.tar.gz
export EXTRACTED_PATH=$PWD
```


## Building the environment
Please note that the environment to run the experiments requires building 2 docker images and pulling 1 docker mage:
* Docker image for Hercule tool and its dependencies (to build Hercule)
* Docker image for experiment environment and its dependencies to run baseline tools
* Docker image for Maloss

Setup environment can be built using the Dockerfile provided within, which will encompass the dependencies, configurations
and setup scripts. Use the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rshariffdeen/Hercule.git

# building docker image for Hercule
cd Hercule
docker build -t rshariffdeen/hercule:22.04 .

# copy the packages extracted in previous step before building the experiment image
# note: ensure 7 tarballs exist in `experiments/ICSE25/packages` directory
cp -r $EXTRACTED_PATH/packages experiments/ICSE25/packages

# building docker image for experiments
cd experiments/ICSE25
docker build -t rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25 .
docker pull mirchevmp/maloss
```

For reproducing `MalOSS` experiments we have pre-built a separate docker image which should be downloaded using the following command
```bash
docker pull mirchevmp/maloss
```

Having the image, you can now start a Docker container. 
Note: please make sure to use the correct image which has the dependencies installed for Linux kernel (i.e. rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25)

[comment]: <> (We recommend linking the container to folders in the filesystem,)
[comment]: <> (so that it is possible to check the logs and generated outputs also outside of the Docker container. )

```bash
docker run --name Hercule -it -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25 bash
```

# Usage 

## Warning: A tool may require a github login when cloning a repository. This is expected behavior.

## Replicating Results for Macaron

### Improving Macaron Results (Table-VI)
Once completing the steps in [RQ1](RQ1.md), which will generate the experiment data, following script will generate results
for `hercule` as shown in Table-6

Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/analysis/table-6.py
```
It will generate the following output

```bash
Package Name Hercule Result Hercule Duration
one_chat_api-0.2.10.tar.gz False 0.727
hacking_shield-0.2.3.tar.gz False 0.788
cmdb_worker_pckg-1.0.0.tar.gz True 1.672
fruitspace_py-1.0.2.tar.gz False 1.8
httpsy-0.3.0.tar.gz False 0.775
```


## Replicating Results for RQ1

### Scanning packages using each Tool

In this section, we describe how to rerun each of the tool to generate the results for the analysis in 
rest of the sections RQ1-4. 

#### Hercule
Use following bash script to reproduce the results for each of the data-set using `hercule`

```bash
bash scripts/run/run-hercule.sh
```

#### GuardDog
Use following bash script to reproduce the results for each of the data-set using `guarddog`

```bash
bash scripts/run/run-guarddog.sh
```


#### MalOSS
Use following bash script to reproduce the results for each of the data-set using `maloss`

```bash
bash scripts/run/run-maloss.sh
```

#### Bandit4Mal
Use following bash script to reproduce the results for each of the data-set using `bandit4mal`

```bash
bash scripts/run/run-bandit.sh
```



### SOTA Detailed Comparison (Table-II)
Once all the results are placed, following script will aggregate the results as shown in Table-II
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/analysis/table-2.py
```
It will output the results for each tool-dataset combination as follows:
```bash
    ----- hercule ------
    DataSet TP FP TN FN
    popular 0 0 97 0

```

### SOTA High-Level Comparison (Table-III)
Upon completing the previous step, which will generate the aggregated data, following script will compute the results as shown in Table-III
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/analysis/table-3.py
```
It will output the results for each tool-dataset combination as follows:
```bash
    Tool Precision Recall F1-Score FP-Rate Accuracy
    hercule 1.0 0.8801652892561983 0.9362637362637362 0.0 0.9144542772861357
```

## Replicating Results for RQ2

### Ablation Study (Table-IV)
Once completing the steps in [RQ1](RQ1.md), which will generate the experiment data, following script will compute the results as shown in Table-IV
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/analysis/table-4.py
```
It will output the results for each tool-dataset combination as follows:
```bash
    DataSet Packages Sources Integrity Violations Malicious Behavior Compromised
    popular 97 90 30 2 1

```


### Contribution from Each Class (Figure-3)
Once completing the steps in [RQ1](RQ1.md), which will generate the experiment data, following script will generate graph in Figure-3
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/graphs/figure-3.py 
```
It will generate a file named `rules.png`


## Replicating Results for RQ3

This experiment requires running of one additional tool `lastpymile` which is implemented
as part of `hercule`. In order to generate the results of `lastpymile`, we have prepared a separate script.

```bash
bash scripts/run/run-lastpymile.sh
```


### Impact of Integrity Analysis (Table-V)
Once completing the steps in [RQ1](RQ1.md) and above instructions for `lastpymile`, which will generate the experiment data, following script will compute the results as shown in Table-III
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/analysis/table-5.py
```
It will output the results for each tool-dataset combination as follows:
```bash
    DataSet BanditMal LastPyMile Hercule
    popular 19900 3562 (82.10) 2241 (88.74)

```

## Replicating Results for RQ4

### Performance Analysis (Figure-4)
Once completing the steps in [RQ1](RQ1.md), which will generate the experiment data, following script will generate graph in Figure-4
Run the script using the command
```bash
python3 scripts/graphs/figure-4.py 
```
It will generate a file named `performance.html` which is an interactive webpage showing the graph
