experiments/ICSE25/Setup.md, before:

# Setup Instructions
### Hardware Requirements
All experiments were conducted using Ubuntu 18.04 operating system on a 192-core 2.40GHz 512G RAM Intel Xeon
machine.


### Docker Preliminaries
* Ensure you have `docker` installed.
  See: https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-docker-on-ubuntu-16-04
* Ensure you have added yourself to the `docker` group: `sudo usermod -a -G
  docker <username>`. You will need to log back in to see the permissions take effect.

## Downloading Packages
The replication package requires python packages downloaded from PyPI, grouped into several
multiple datasets. The packages can be downloaded from the following [Zenodo Link](https://zenodo.org/records/14580885)
The archive is password protected for safe distribution purposes, you can email Ridwan Shariffdeen (rshariffdeen@ieee.org) to obtain the password.

* MalOSS: subset of malicious packages from MalOSS dataset [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* BackStabber: subset of malicious packages from BackStabber Knife's Collection [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* MalRegistry: subset of malicious packages from Python MalRegistry dataset [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* Popular: a collection of top-100 most popular python packages from PyPI [RQ1, RQ2, RQ3, RQ4]
* Trusted: a collection of packages from trusted organizations hosted in PyPI [RQ1, RQ2, RQ3, RQ4]
* DataKund: a collection of newly identified malicious packages from PyPI [Case Study]
* Recent: a collection of packages that were recently (2024 Oct) added to PyPI [Macaron Case Study]

Download the packages from following link
```bash
wget https://zenodo.org/records/14580885/files/packages.tar.gz.enc
openssl enc -aes-256-cbc -pbkdf2 -iter 10000 -d -in packages.tar.gz.enc -out packages.tar.gz
tar -xf packages.tar.gz
export EXTRACTED_PATH=$PWD
```


## Building the environment
Please note that the environment to run the experiments requires building 2 docker images:
* Docker image for Hercule tool and its dependencies (to build Hercule)
* Docker image for experiment environment and its dependencies to run baseline tools

Setup environment can be built using the Dockerfile provided within, which will encompass the dependencies, configurations
and setup scripts. Use the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rshariffdeen/Hercule.git

# building docker image for Hercule
cd Hercule
docker build -t rshariffdeen/hercule:20.04 .

# copy the packages extracted in previous step before building the experiment image
# note: ensure 7 tarballs exist in `experiments/ICSE25/packages` directory
cp $EXTRACTED_PATH/packages/* experiments/ICSE25/packages

# building docker image for experiments
cd experiments/ICSE25
docker build -t rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25 .
```

Note that the build process can be time-consuming, hence you can using the following command to download pre-built Docker image from following repository Dockerhub Repo: https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/rshariffdeen/hercule
```bash
docker pull rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25
```

Having the image, you can now start a Docker container. 
Note: please make sure to use the correct image which has the dependencies installed for Linux kernel (i.e. rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25)

[comment]: <> (We recommend linking the container to folders in the filesystem,)
[comment]: <> (so that it is possible to check the logs and generated outputs also outside of the Docker container. )

```bash
docker run --name Hercule -it -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25 bash
```

Commit message:

Update setup.md to include pulling

experiments/ICSE25/Setup.md, after:

# Setup Instructions
### Hardware Requirements
All experiments were conducted using Ubuntu 18.04 operating system on a 192-core 2.40GHz 512G RAM Intel Xeon
machine.


### Docker Preliminaries
* Ensure you have `docker` installed.
  See: https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-install-and-use-docker-on-ubuntu-16-04
* Ensure you have added yourself to the `docker` group: `sudo usermod -a -G
  docker <username>`. You will need to log back in to see the permissions take effect.

## Downloading Packages
The replication package requires python packages downloaded from PyPI, grouped into several
multiple datasets. The packages can be downloaded from the following [Zenodo Link](https://zenodo.org/records/14580885)
The archive is password protected for safe distribution purposes, you can email Ridwan Shariffdeen (rshariffdeen@ieee.org) to obtain the password.

* MalOSS: subset of malicious packages from MalOSS dataset [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* BackStabber: subset of malicious packages from BackStabber Knife's Collection [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* MalRegistry: subset of malicious packages from Python MalRegistry dataset [RQ1, RQ2, RQ4]
* Popular: a collection of top-100 most popular python packages from PyPI [RQ1, RQ2, RQ3, RQ4]
* Trusted: a collection of packages from trusted organizations hosted in PyPI [RQ1, RQ2, RQ3, RQ4]
* DataKund: a collection of newly identified malicious packages from PyPI [Case Study]
* Recent: a collection of packages that were recently (2024 Oct) added to PyPI [Macaron Case Study]

Download the packages from following link
```bash
wget https://zenodo.org/records/14580885/files/packages.tar.gz.enc
openssl enc -aes-256-cbc -pbkdf2 -iter 10000 -d -in packages.tar.gz.enc -out packages.tar.gz
tar -xf packages.tar.gz
export EXTRACTED_PATH=$PWD
```


## Building the environment
Please note that the environment to run the experiments requires building 2 docker images and pulling 1 docker mage:
* Docker image for Hercule tool and its dependencies (to build Hercule)
* Docker image for experiment environment and its dependencies to run baseline tools
* Docker image for Maloss

Setup environment can be built using the Dockerfile provided within, which will encompass the dependencies, configurations
and setup scripts. Use the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rshariffdeen/Hercule.git

# building docker image for Hercule
cd Hercule
docker build -t rshariffdeen/hercule:22.04 .

# copy the packages extracted in previous step before building the experiment image
# note: ensure 7 tarballs exist in `experiments/ICSE25/packages` directory
cp $EXTRACTED_PATH/packages/* experiments/ICSE25/packages

# building docker image for experiments
cd experiments/ICSE25
docker build -t rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25 .
docker pull mirchevmp/maloss
```

Note that the build process can be time-consuming, hence you can using the following command to download pre-built Docker image from following repository Dockerhub Repo: https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/rshariffdeen/hercule
```bash
docker pull rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25
docker pull mirchevmp/maloss
```

Having the image, you can now start a Docker container. 
Note: please make sure to use the correct image which has the dependencies installed for Linux kernel (i.e. rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25)

[comment]: <> (We recommend linking the container to folders in the filesystem,)
[comment]: <> (so that it is possible to check the logs and generated outputs also outside of the Docker container. )

```bash
docker run --name Hercule -it -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock rshariffdeen/hercule:icse25 bash
```
